Studio IDE release note (#8619)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## February 2026

> - **Enhancement:** Minor enhancements and UI updates to the Studio IDE file explorer that replicate the VS Code IDE experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** Minor enhancements and UI updates to the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />, file explorer that replicate the VS Code IDE experience.
```
